hey guys welcome back to my Channel
today wouldn't do this makeup look and
I'm using some products that I was set
over from is one sir these are some wild
products and I've loved enforcer for a
really long time I've been using some of
their different samples I still use them
even after I like review them I still
using some of the lipsticks and like a
lot of shampoos and conditioners so they
have a super limited edition why sell
box super exciting it took a survey and
I got it and I really really liked the
products so I got the two Shikata primer
and then also the blur Perfector so this
is the two o'clock blur primer and it
comes in and it kind of has like a
spatula end and I put way too much on
you only need probably like one dip and
that's it I think I did like one giant
one and then I globbed it everywhere and
I did another one and I also loved
everywhere and I use my fingers turn up
it in just because I feel like the brush
would maybe leave like streak marks or
something um so I did use my hands I
mean you can use a brush or whatever and
I love the things this is supposed to
kind of blur out everything make your
skin seem really seamless before you put
on your makeup and definitely work like
I have acne scarring and everywhere I
have live nose and eye everything else
comes upon my Jenny always have to redo
my chin throughout the day and this is
awesome already I put way too much on
anyway so what I did is I just kind of
like really lightly rubbed it every
and my skin felt like it's felt like it
was wet for a while and then it ended up
drawing it to life it's really ever even
though how to describe the texture
produces super velvety smooth I didn't
wait too long before I put on my
foundation maybe I should've waited with
a minute or two longer but just smooth
it feels like super amazing so I tend to
get really oily throughout the day so
I'm going to see how it holds up I'm not
going to touch my face and I'm not
really going outside like 90 degrees so
I'm just gonna stay inside and after I
put on all my makeup I usually use a
makeup forever translucent powder just
kind of just really quick all over my
face so I don't really know how to use
this one this is called the tissue
cobbler Perfector and when you open it
up it's like this very strange like a
gel kind of consistency and it counts to
the pad as about to use a brush with it
and Oakland I might as well just use the
pad that came with it it's kind of like
a brush sponge I don't know how to
describe the texture of the pad that
came in it but I took this and I kind of
rubbed it inside and then I just really
lightly added it all over my face
attempt to get a lot of creases by my
nose and then also on my chin area so
see how this folds up after I do this we
might split also felt like super amazing
like I just wanna like touch it and like
feel it but I don't wanna mess with the
makeup um but I really really like this
so if you want to see the whole process
just keep on watching
right here is the finished makeup look I
tried to do kind of like a hombre so I
did the darkest colors towards my lash
line and then I kind of faded up into a
really really really light almost white
edge kind of pink shade and then I don't
have anything else on my bottom lid or
my bottom lashes or anything
my lightly bronze to my face and then I
used almost like a Mavi Brown blush and
then I have a darker lip liner and then
some new lipstick kind of just rub it
all together and yeah this is the
finished makeup look I really really
liked the products that I got in my wife
L Blockson so Sonos was so excited to
get this in the mail and it came out
psycho my god I just like want to put it
on now and yeah I love this I don't
think I'm going to do a couple more
videos with the blur effect or glitter
primer so you know thank you guys so
much for watching and be sure to give
this video a thumbs up if you liked it
I'm also on Instagram and Pinterest
sniffs I have a Facebook page for my
blog if you want to check those out I'll
leave the link in the description box
below thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video bye